WALKING ON THIN ICE
DRUG USE ISN'T JUST A MERE
DEVIATION BUT A SERIOUS CRIME
A SINGLE WRONG
CHOICE CAN DESTROY
AN INDIVIDUAL, A FAMILY,
AND SOCIETY AS A WHOLE
KOREAN AIRPORT CUSTOMS
Drugs in Korea?
It used to be hard
to bring them in or to sell them.
Delivery!
Why?
Firstly,
people in this country
are super sensitive about morality.
Secondly, Korean customs
and the police do their job well.
Finally!
Come out!
You won't come out?
Fine then.
Don't come out.
No, you don't!
- Fuck you!
- Hey, move aside!
90% of them get caught and fail.
Bingo.
But there's always that lucky 10%.
High risk, high return.
MR. HWANG DONGHYUN'S INTERVIEW RESULTS
WE REGRET TO INFORM YOU
THAT YOU DID NOT PASS
I'm sorry.
That's why people keep trying,
to get that 10%.
For someone with no hope,
drugs can be like stocks or coins.
LEE KYUNG
CAN I ORDER 10G? (NEED STRAWS TOO)
Me?
I'm different.
For me,
these are like game chips.
To get me to the real prize.
I'm curious.
What else can the lady give me?
EPISODE 2
Are you down or not?
I need it tomorrow.
At least 15g up front.
Who are you, huh?
Wait. The cleaning lady?
What the hell?
Why are you following me?
It's me.
Don't you recognize me?
Sua's mother?
No way.
What are you doing here?
James.
You're James, aren't you?
No, let me explain.
A guy I know needed
some help at the club.
Count me in.
- What?
- Let's work together.
Let's be partners.
You and me.
Never imagined I'd meet
a parent like this.
I'm sure I was the one
more surprised.
How long have you been
working at Medusa?
Well, not that long.
When did you start doing this?
Where'd you get it?
I've never seen this.
Do I really have to tell you?
I don't buy things
from unknown sources.
Suit yourself.
There are plenty of buyers.
Who?
Tell me. Everyone knows
everyone in the drug scene.
I'll tell you if he's trustworthy.
Free of charge.
Have you forgotten that I caught you?
So what?
Huh?
Are you going to tell everyone about me?
The quiet art tutor
turns out to be a drug dealer...
There's no reason not to.
Then should I tell Sua too?
What her mom came here to sell?
Remember this.
If you use someone's weakness,
you'll end up with one of your own.
Sit down. Let's do business.
We need a contract.
Are we really partnering up?
Be honest.
You came here all relaxed,
didn't you?
Thinking a beating will fix it all, eh?
Knife.
No, boss.
Then why are you empty-handed?
Donghyun,
do you know what you lost?
That drug is way above
your usual shit.
Specially made for VIP sales
with zero impurities.
And your group's Bongnam stole it
and died before we could even launch.
If you knew your sins,
you should've brought back the bag.
Isn't that simple common sense?
Did you really go to college?
Who ordered Bongnam
to go pick up the drugs?
It was you, boss!
How is that our fault?
Shut the fuck up!
Partnership Contract
This contract is between
James and Kang Eunsoo.
For the purpose of supplying
and selling meth,
and it lays out the rules
to be followed.
Don't stop, keep reading.
Or should we call it off?
One. Kang Eunsoo agrees
to supply meth to James.
Two. If section one gets leaked
without James's consent,
the partnership will be terminated.
Three. If Kang Eunsoo
fails to uphold section two
or is responsible for
causing damage to James,
Kang Eunsoo must compensate.
Four. If any problem arises
due to the source of the product,
Kang Eunsoo must take full responsibility.
Five. The profit will be split
7:3 in favor of James.
Are you kidding me?
Not one bit.
All you have to do is
provide meth from home.
I have to distribute and keep
customers happy - so much more work.
I'll agree on one condition.
If I become more valuable
than I am now, we renegotiate.
Interesting.
I look forward to seeing
how valuable you become.
Keep reading.
One question.
What's the drug's name?
It’s too pure
to be just regular meth.
- Vaka.
- What?
They look like Vaka peppermint candies.
Pretty catchy name.
Why do you do this?
You look like a noobie,
and a very scared one.
I know it's not my business.
But I'm just curious.
That's right.
It's none of your business.
I actually pulled it off.
I... I did it.
Bro!
You bastard, I'll kill you!
What do we do, bro?
Junhyun.
If you don't find the bag,
it won't end with your brother's finger.
I'll chop his hands and feet.
You hear me?
I can't hear you.
Yes, I understand.
WOO SUJIN, BORN DEC 1996,
ONLY DAUGHTER OF W ENT, MIMI'S CLOSE FRIEND
MIMI (YOO MISUN),
BORN OCT 16, 1996, 200K INFLUENCER
HAN SEONJAE, BORN JUNE 15, 1992,
NEPHEW OF THE VICE MINISTER OF JUSTICE
'YOUTH LEADER PROGRAM'
GOVERNMENT GIVES SUBSIDIES
TO TWON ELECTRONICS AND TWON BIO
KANG HWIRIM, BORN JULY 11, 1992,
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF TWON HOLDINGS
MIMI'S BIRTHDAY WITH VIP GUESTS
GWANGNAM POLICE DRUG UNIT
HUNTS FOR THE MISSING 10KG METH
Missing meth...
KIM BONGNAM DIED WHILE FLEEING
THE METH WASN'T FOUND
KIM WAS A MEMBER OF 'PHANTOM',
A DRUG TRAFFICKING GANG
Phantom...
THE DRUG LOOKS LIKE ICE,
THUS CALLED 'ICE' OR 'CRYSTAL'
Seizure failed...
I hope this doesn't screw me over.
The shape and composition
are different though.
Argh, why now?
DELIVERY MAN
The phone you have dialed
is switched off.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
Huh?
Let go of him! Stop!
Promise me, Junhyun.
Promise me...
Bro!
Let go of me!
Does it hurt a lot?
It's not too bad yet.
You need to start treatment soon.
I'm sorry.
About everything.
Hey...
Do you remember?
You used to bring home dogs and cats
from the streets all the time.
Especially the ones sick or hurt.
And you didn't even know
you were allergic to fur.
Coughing and sniffling,
saying that you had a cold.
I was annoyed,
but at the same time,
I wondered if you married me because
you have a thing for the vulnerable.
Did I look like I needed help too?
Struggling by myself
with both my parents gone?
No.
You looked great.
I admired your drive
for a better life.
That's why I married you.
Don't let that mind change.
No matter what I do
or who I become.
Of course.
You've never been wrong.
I hope I'm not wrong right now.
Hey chat, can you guess where I am?
Happy birthday, Mimi!
Can you wave this way too?
- It's Mimi's birthday!
- Congratulations!
Chat, guess where I am!
I'm at Mimi's birthday party!
Did you bring your presents?
Let's do it one at a time.
- Congrats!
- Happy birthday!
Cut it out, Seonjae.
Why? It's fun!
Oh, there you are.
Hey, James.
Everyone, say hi.
He's the party planner for today.
Oh, really? Impressive!
First time seeing them?
This is Seonjae.
The nephew of
the Vice Minister of Justice.
This is Hwirim.
Kang Hwirim.
KANG HWIRIM, BORN JULY 11, 1992,
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF TWON HOLDINGS
Hey, Hey! Hurry and hand over
your smartphones.
We can't upset our
Executive Director Kang, right?
Do we really have to?
Don't lose it.
You're an executive now.
You need to be careful.
Executive Director already?
You've only worked for two years.
Why does that matter?
It's his family company.
James, you too.
Hurry up.
Are you James?
I meet you at last.
I've heard so much about you.
Oh.
Wait a second.
Familiar face?
I heard you two met.
This is my childhood friend.
You should've gone easy on him.
Well, I guess there are always
people like you.
Thinking you're actually somebody
for getting a little attention.
It's called crossing the line.
And they always turn out
to be pathetic losers.
This party isn't that bad.
Except for the crowd.
It's the most important.
Chill, this is your
girlfriend's birthday party.
Who cares about the crowd?
I like it.
Hey, can you plan my birthday too?
Something similar to this.
Bro, he's not even the owner.
My gift. It's brand new.
Mom, you're sleeping at the hospital
and coming in the morning, right?
Yeah, did you eat dinner?
Yeah, I had bulgogi at Jinhee's.
Take care, see you tomorrow.
Love you.
Love you too.
What the hell am I doing?
- Sir.
- Yeah?
It's already been days.
And we got nothing, right?
So?
I mean, it's not like we have intel.
Blindly staking outside a club
doesn't seem efficient.
Goodness gracious.
Smart ass cops
always talk about efficiency.
Look, we swept Haengbok-dong
and found nothing.
So next, we search spots
with high chances of drug appearance.
And we're not here blindly.
I already called all my lookouts.
If they see drug activity,
they'll call us.
- Like the club waiters?
- That's right.
Didn't they fake a report
to cover up their VIPs,
and got you in trouble?
Well, yeah.
That was ages ago!
You remember the dumbest things.
Are you fucking with me?
No, not at all.
Eat your burger, asshole.
I know you like it too.
I'll take care of him.
I just wanted to touch you.
What the fuck?
I know you're a hooker.
What? You crazy bastard!
He's crazy!
What's wrong with him?
Move aside.
- Out you go.
- The fuck?
- Come on.
- Let me go!
Let me go!
You're asking for it, aren't you?
Do you wanna die?
I'm going to kill you.
Hey, do you know something?
People who actually do kill
usually act before they talk,
like me.
Are you insane?
I'm best friends with Hwirim!
You think you'll get away with this?
Fucking coward,
get your head straight.
Just because you're close
doesn't mean his power is yours.
Now get the fuck out.
And don't come here again.
How dare you...
You're nothing...
What the hell are you staring at?
Cleaning lady?
You got me into shit with James.
I paid so much to get access,
but because of you...
Don't come closer!
What, is that a gun?
Shoot me.
I'm pissed anyway, so bring it on.
Shoot me!
You think I won't?
Are you crazy?
Hey, you piss me off too.
Come on, bring it on!
Bring it, you little... pussy!
Crazy bitch!
I can't believe I actually cursed.
Gosh...
What the hell?
There's been an accident!
- There's someone inside.
- He looks badly hurt.
Honey, call for help.
- Who should I call?
- Call 119.
Holy moly...
Hello?
Yes, uh...
Lighten up.
Mimi, cheer up.
There are always people like him,
who think they're something
just cuz they got a little attention.
One should never cross the line.
Right?
Of course, it's important.
Looks like our new friend
won't be crossing his.
What was it called? Vaka?
This is ice, right?
I've never seen it in this shape.
Not bad!
Not bad?
More like fucking awesome.
This is sick,
where'd you get it?
How much?
I'll pay whatever you want.
You look damn familiar.
Don't you know me?
Careful, hold him still.
All set.
Police...
- Is this the car?
- Yes.
What are you saying?
Hey, are you hitting on him?
Watch your mouth, Sunjae.
Sorry, sorry, alright?
Our Hwirim's tough as always.
That hurt.
Guess I've got a common face.
Oh, I wish that were true.
You're too good-looking.
But seriously, where are you from?
I'm curious too.
I don't know you,
so you're not from here. Overseas?
No, all the overseas
know each other.
Don't tell me...
A club host?
Yes, that kinda makes sense.
Then there's no way I wouldn't know.
Let me guess.
Gwangnam? Or Itaewon?
Right? Come on, tell us.
Relax, we don't have to rush things.
Tonight we drink till we drop, okay?
Drink up!
Let's drink!
It's identical to the one
from Kim Bongnam's motel room.
Where did he come from?
I think from the parking lot...
Should we check the security cameras?
Mr. Lee!
What the hell!
Stop shoving!
What's your problem?
Mr. Lee!
Here...
PARK BOHEE
Do you have a warrant?
At least one of you gets it.
Huh? What does he mean?
It means we don't need a warrant.
Alright, let's go.
Wait.
Mr. Lee!
Hey! Over here!
Lee Kyung! Lee Kyung!
Mr. Lee!
Run!
James.
What are you staring at?
The cops are here.
Should we move to the next spot?
Next spot?
Yes, that sounds fun.
Let's go for round two!
Bro, it's me.
You open tonight?
Let me rent out your whole bar.
I'll pay double your sales,
so clear all the tables.
Hey, I want an explanation.
You can trust him.
Run, hurry!
Let's go to round two!
Police! Please step aside.
- Coming through!
- Step aside!
Excuse me!
- Hold on!
- Police!
Coming through!
Please make way!
Passing through!
- Move aside!
- Coming through!
Please make way!
- Secure the security camera footage.
- Yes, sir.
Watch it!
What's going on?
Erase the hallway
and VIP rooms 1, 2, and 3.
Understood.
Don't touch anything.
Gwangnam Drug Crimes Unit.
We're taking over.
Just a moment.
I want a constant update.
Entering the VIP hallway.
They just went into room 3.
Coming through.
Yes, yes, go that way.
Hey! What's going on?
Oh, no.
It shut down.
The fuck...?
Is this the right place?
Where the hell did they go?
Are you sure it's room 3?
- What? Room 3?
- Room 3?
- It's Room 3.
- Room 3!
Search the place.
Room 3...
Let's go!
I'm telling you,
we don't sell that kind of stuff!
Why are you ruining our business
based on shady leads?
Are you going to cover the loss?
Will the police pay for it all?
I'm going to sue for damages, okay?
Sir, the security footages are gone.
So, how was your first day?
Ah...
Is that how you usually party?
With those people?
With your customers?
Were you expecting me
to play hopscotch, or what?
Don't be a wuss.
Koreans are messed up.
There's so much bad stuff out there.
Yet they're so paranoid about drugs,
as if it's a vicious virus.
Isn't that what it is?
Listen, what do you think leads
to more crime in this country?
Drugs or alcohol?
Did I do real estate speculation?
Or run a stock scam?
Honestly, they're worse.
The whole nation gets hurt.
But with this, no one gets hurt.
No one forces it.
They do it because they want to.
- Try it if you're curious.
- No, no. I don't want to.
Scaredy-cat.
If it's no big deal,
why don't you do it?
Everyone was drinking
Vaka with champagne.
But you didn't drink it.
How did you notice?
You've got sharp eyes.
- I've got an eye for detail...
- Stop showing off.
How about you give a hand?
Help with the count.
Sure.
I split my tip 7:3 as well.
It's my token of thanks
for helping me out today unexpectedly.
And don't be curious about me anymore.
Okay.
Are we done?
Wait.
What now?
How much will you bring next time?
The customers loved it.
We'll need a lot more.
Or you could just hand over
everything you have.
What?
Are you that rich?
How much do you have?
One kilogram.
One kilogram...
That is quite a lot.
Fine, I can buy that amount in cash.
I'll think about it.
DELIVERY MAN
Press one for voice mail...
It's me.
Let's talk offline.
Are you okay?
I'm fine!
Sorry, thank you.
5 million won.
This is more than my 3 months'
worth of salary at the store.
5 million won a day...
You just got here?
Yeah, go to sleep.
Mom, did you cry?
No.
Lair.
You're really swollen.
Is something wrong with Dad?
Did you have a nightmare?
It's because you didn't sleep well.
Don't sleep at the hospital.
No, I had a good dream.
A really good dream.
I cried because it was so nice.
Dummy. Then you should be
smiling, not crying.
True...
The sample you mentioned.
What do you know about it?
I'm not sure yet.
I'll compare it with this first.
Are you kidding me?
Stop. If you look at my face,
the deal's over.
Sit down.
Stop acting like a kid.
What will you do
when you catch the thief?
You really don't know?
Alright.
Wait for my call.
Hey, where did you lose
the drug bag again?
Payment for Park Dojin.
Yes, one moment.
KANG EUNSOO
PHANTOM
Where'd you get it?
I've never seen this.
Do I really have to tell you?
I don't buy things
from unknown sources.
Long time no see.
Girls, let's welcome back Sua.
Applause!
As I said,
today we'll practice coloring.
- Take out your stuff.
- Yes, Mr. Lee.
Did you change your brush?
Wow.
It looks expensive, lucky you.
Whoa, new paints too?
Way to go, Sua.
You went flexing.
Girls, look at Sua's paints.
Wow, what is that?
- It's amazing.
- It's really pretty.
- The colors are so nice.
- Right?
- I want one too.
- Me too.
It's really pretty.
It's crazy nice.
Enough looking
and get ready for class.
- Yes, Mr. Lee.
Don't worry, Sua.
Mommy loves you.
Are these three it?
Yes.
Wait, what's wrong with your finger?
Are you sure you can deliver it?
Yeah, it's just a small injury.
Boss, what should I do with the thief?
- Kill 'em.
- Kill...?
Where did you lose
the drug bag again?
Haengbok-dong redevelopment zone.
WALKING ON THIN ICE
Do you know
how I survived in this industry?
I have no interest in you.
All I need to know
is the guy who brought the drugs.
I never take risks.
I'll do anything.
Then hand everything over.
The whole stolen bag.
Between my husband's medical bills
and the house mortgage,
186.7 million won.
That's all I need to get.
I'll at least spare your life.
Let's just die together, Mr. Lee.